[hipFile] first pass at documentation (#6747)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/hipfile/docs/how-to/register-file-and-buffer.rst

   hipFileError_t err = hipFileHandleRegister(&handle, &descr);
   if (err.err != hipFileSuccess) {
       fprintf(stderr, "hipFile error: %s\n", HIPFILE_ERRSTR(err.err));
   }

To check whether an error is a GPU driver error, use the ``IS_HIP_DRV_ERR`` macro, and retrieve the underlying ``hipError_t`` with ``HIP_DRV_ERR``:

.. code-block:: c

   if (IS_HIP_DRV_ERR(err)) {
       hipError_t drv_err = HIP_DRV_ERR(err);
       fprintf(stderr, "HIP driver error: %d\n", drv_err);
   }

For synchronous I/O functions such as ``hipFileRead()`` and ``hipFileWrite()``, the return value is a ``ssize_t``. A non-negative value indicates the number of bytes transferred. A return value of ``-1`` indicates a system error (check ``errno``). Any other negative value is the negated ``hipFileOpError_t`` error code, which you can inspect with ``IS_HIPFILE_ERR`` and ``HIPFILE_ERRSTR``:

.. code-block:: c

   ssize_t nread = hipFileRead(handle, devbuf, buffer_size, 0, 0);
   if (nread < 0) {
       if (IS_HIPFILE_ERR(nread)) {
           fprintf(stderr, "hipFile read error: %s\n", HIPFILE_ERRSTR(nread));
       } else {
           fprintf(stderr, "System error: %s\n", strerror(errno));
       }
   }

> For the complete list of error codes and their descriptions, see the :doc:`/reference/api-reference`.

Reviewer: `api-reference` is being removed; `api-errors` is the Doxygen page for error codes.

```suggestion
For the complete list of error codes and their descriptions, see the :doc:`/reference/api-errors`.
```

           close(fd);
           return 1;
       }

       size_t buffer_size = 1024 * 1024;
       void *devbuf = NULL;
       hipError_t hip_err = hipMalloc(&devbuf, buffer_size);
       if (hip_err != hipSuccess) {
           fprintf(stderr, "Could not allocate device buffer (%d)\n", hip_err);
           hipFileHandleDeregister(handle);
           close(fd);
           return 1;
       }

       hipFileError_t buf_err = hipFileBufRegister(devbuf, buffer_size, 0);
       if (buf_err.err != hipFileSuccess) {
           fprintf(stderr, "Could not register buffer (%s)\n",
                   HIPFILE_ERRSTR(buf_err.err));
           hipFree(devbuf);
           hipFileHandleDeregister(handle);
           close(fd);
           return 1;
       }

       /* Perform GPU I/O operations here (hipFileRead, hipFileWrite, etc.) */

       /* Teardown */
       hipFileBufDeregister(devbuf);
       hipFileHandleDeregister(handle);
       hipFree(devbuf);
       close(fd);

       return 0;
   }

Related resources
*****************

- :doc:`/tutorials/copy-a-file`: A complete tutorial that uses registered files and buffers to copy a file through GPU memory.

> - :doc:`/reference/api-reference`: Full API reference for hipFile, including the file handle API group and error handling macros.

Reviewer: `api-reference` is being removed; `api-file-and-buffer` is the Doxygen page for the file handle, buffer, and RDMA APIs.

```suggestion
- :doc:`/reference/api-file-and-buffer`: File handle, buffer, and RDMA API reference for hipFile.
```
